# Film shooting workflow

This guide explains a suggested workflow for shooting film.

## Buying film

As soon as you buy a film, add it to
[Films](https://camerahub.info/film/) with information about its type,
expiry, cost, etc. In most cases, the
[Filmstock](https://camerahub.info/filmstock/) will already exist in
CameraHub but if you have an unusual film, you will have to add the
filmstock to the database first.

[photo of film details on box]

[screenshot of adding a film]

When you add a film, it will be allocated a number and marked as
Available for loading into cameras etc. It is suggested that you write
the film number on the box with a hash symbol, like `#23`.

[screenshot of film detail]

[photo of annotation on film box]

A "film" is one roll of film, or one or more pieces of sheet film that
are processed together in a group.

Bulk film is used for bulk rolls of 35mm film that can be cut down, or a
box of sheet film which will be used individually or in small groups.

## Loading film

Mark the film as loaded when you load it into the camera (go into film
detail view). You can also enter a title and other details. This can
also be changed later. This changes the film's status from Available to
Loaded.

[screenshot of loading film]

## Shooting film

Record each exposure you make in CameraHub, associated with the film.
The easiest way to do this is to go into the film detail view and click
**Add a negative to this film**. Each negative is allocated a sub-number
which is the film's number, a dot, and the frame number, like `#23.11`.
This should make it easy to find any negative in your collection. This
can be edited later.

## Processing film

Once you've finished shooting, process the film by clicking XXXXXXXXX
and record this. Many of the fields are aimed at darkroom users but is
also fine to use with labs. Just leave most of the fields blank if they
don't apply.

[screenshot of film processing]

This sets film status as Processed and prevents you from adding more
negatives to your film. But you may wish to edit the frame numbers

[PHOTO of film edge markings]

## Archiving film

## Printing negatives

## Archiving negatives
