# FAQ

This page has answers to frequently asked questions about CameraHub.

## What kind of cameras can I catalogue with CameraHub?

Any kind of still image film camera can be catalogued. CameraHub is not
suitable for digital cameras or motion picture (movie) cameras.

## Can I catalogue digital-era lenses?

You can add a lens to CameraHub if it works with film cameras, even if
it was intended for digital cameras. For example, recent Canon EF lenses
which were sold with full-frame digital SLRs in mind, but which still
work with 35mm SLRs.

## How can I help CameraHub?

The best way to help CameraHub is to sign up and start contributing data
and photos about cameras, lenses and other accessories. If you have an
idea or suggestion for CameraHub, or you find a bug, [add an issue on
Github](https://github.com/camerahub/camerahub/issues) or contact us via
our [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/camerahubapp) Last but not
least, if you have any experience with Python, Django, CSS or Javascript
then you could help contribute code. Have a look at our [issue
tracker](https://github.com/camerahub/camerahub/issues) to see what's
in the pipeline at the moment.

## Who pays for CameraHub?

CameraHub is 100% funded and maintained by Jonathan Gazeley as a hobby.
There is no external funding and no revenue from advertising. However
the cost of hosting is partially offset by using electricity from solar
panels.

## What about language support?

CameraHub is in UK English. It is not currently on the roadmap to
translate the site into other languages. Regarding the data inside
CameraHub, it is always preferred to use Latin characters. For example
we prefer *Zorki* instead of *Зоркий*.

If a camera has different names in different regions, The UK or European
name is preferred. For example, the *Canon EOS 500* was marketed as the
*Canon EOS 500* in Europe, Asia and Oceania, as the *Canon EOS Kiss* in
Japan and the *Canon EOS Rebel XS* in America. There is a feature on the
roadmap to support multiple names for cameras.

## Is there an app?

No, there is no app and no plans for one. However we aim to make
CameraHub work nicely on all mobiles and it is possible to [add a
website to your home
screen](https://www.howtogeek.com/196087/how-to-add-websites-to-the-home-screen-on-any-smartphone-or-tablet/)
There are plans for some kind of desktop app which can tag your photos
scanned from film with metadata from CameraHub. This is a little way off
and we're not yet sure what this might look like. There was a previous
attempt at a tagger app as part of the now-defunct [PhotoDB
project](https://github.com/djjudas21/photodb-perl) but it was
command-line only and not very user-friendly.
